---
cover: ../../.gitbook/assets/GITBOOK.png
coverY: 0
---

# 🔹 The beginning of AI

_Artificial Intelligence (AI) is one of the newest sciences. The discipline began to develop soon after World War II, and the name itself was coined in 1956. Computer vision is an image that can be defined as the transformation of a digital data set into a data structure describing the semantics of this data set in some context. This is the area of science that is dedicated to developing theories, methods and techniques aimed at the automatic extraction of useful information contained in images, which are captured by computer systems, by devices such as imagers, video camera, scanner, which are capable of interpreting images._

_The goal of the field of Computer Vision is the determination of characteristics of objects represented in an image. A wide variety of problems are obtained depending on the nature of the images and the characteristics to be obtained from them. The use of machine vision extends the applications in computers, such as mobile robot navigation, complex manufacturing tasks, satellite image analysis, medical image processing, and organizational security._

_Today, Artificial Intelligence encompasses a huge variety of subfields subfields, from general-purpose areas such as learning and perception, to specific tasks such as playing chess, demonstrating mathematical theorems, and diagnosing diseases. AI systematizes and automates intellectual tasks, and is therefore potentially relevant for any sphere of human intellectual activity. In this sense, it is truly a universal field. universal field. When approaching the concept of intelligence, we will see that it is a concept related to the construction of cognitive structures of the human being, responsible for the formation of reason, a peculiar characteristic when compared to other animals. As the human being is the only rational animal, it is said that he is the only intelligent being. There are studies that attribute the concept of intelligence to other animals and vegetables. But, obviously, it is not a concept comparable to that of human intelligence. human intelligence. It is, rather, a concept relative to the analysis in question: this irrational intelligence would be the capacity of a living being to adapt to the circumstances of its environment. In this way, we can use this concept for machine, defining, then, a machine intelligence._

_The concept of Artificial Intelligence embraces more than machine intelligence. It is intended, with it, to enable the computer to behave intelligently. By intelligent behavior we must understand activities that only a human being would be able to perform. Within these activities can be cited those that involve tasks of reasoning (planning and strategy) and perception (recognition of images, sounds etc.), among others. This intelligence would be its genetic capacity as a tool for problem-solving tool. By genetic capacity we mean all the knowledge embedded at the hardware level, which allows a certain set of possible states to function through programs. Machine intelligence would then be a type of man-made intelligence, therefore, an artificial intelligence._
